[Music]
this is my friend Katie this is my
friend Lauren she's gonna drive you home
okay please please please this is yours
yeah sorry I think it's empty this is my
he does all the time
get out I can't afford an apartment by
myself in the city I have a place for
you where you you hi did he tell us some
more about the new place apartment is
spectacular my roommate is whatever
Haiti there's our toilet paper plan yeah
put the under cage it's so big and it's
a good camp you let me out gotta go hi
your dad says hi I get a dollar a minute
for a phone sex line whatever they say I
just tell him I want to lick it okay you
you know you're not better than me
you're not better than phone sex better
than phone sex listen the job we called
you in for was filled this morning I
want to make a third of the profits and
I'm not getting on the phone it's
strictly business
mmm I like a little fire in you one
eight seven seven yeah yeah yeah
Rachel its multi um again fulfilling
please you've made $12,000 in three
weeks I don't want to be boring anymore
I should be our second operator all
right tell me what you're wearing you
dirty little oh it's just a dress
from seed even seven Lauren hey I
thought we were gonna take this
seriously right who's a girl and I like
it me are running a phone sex line boom
ladies are living something messed up
version of the American dream it felt a
little stiff
no the last time I'd call anyway yes I
can do that I'm kitty
and I'm here with my friend I'm teddy
Oh kitty and caddy that's uh guarantee
you that's gonna confuse me once I start